feat: improve developing-genkit-js skill score (86% → 100%) (#19)
genkit-ai/skills: skills/developing-genkit-js/SKILL.md

---
name: developing-genkit-js

> description: "Create flows, define tools, configure model plugins, and debug pipeline errors for Genkit in Node.js/TypeScript. Use when building AI agents or flows in JavaScript/TypeScript with Genkit, integrating model providers, defining schemas, or troubleshooting Genkit-specific validation, type, or API errors."

Reviewer: I understand the sentiment here, but I feel it is better to focus on the "AI-powered apps/features" terminology. Users may not know that they need to write a flow, but do know they want an AI-powered feature that does xyz. 

```suggestion
description: "Develop AI-powered applications using Genkit in Node.js/TypeScript. Use when building AI-powered features, AI agents or workflows in JavaScript/TypeScript with Genkit, integrating model providers, defining schemas, or troubleshooting Genkit-specific validation, type, or API errors."
```

On ANY Genkit error (ValidationError, API errors, type errors, 404s):

1. **Read [Common Errors](references/common-errors.md) first** — this is mandatory
2. Match the error to a known pattern and apply the documented fix
3. Only if not found, consult `genkit docs:search <error message>`

Do not attempt fixes based on assumptions or pre-1.0 patterns.

## Development Workflow

1.  **Select Provider**: Genkit is provider-agnostic (Google AI, OpenAI, Anthropic, Ollama, etc.). Default to **Google AI** if unspecified. Use `genkit docs:search "plugins"` for other providers.
2.  **Detect Framework**: Check `package.json` for `@genkit-ai/next`, `@genkit-ai/firebase`, or `@genkit-ai/google-cloud` and adapt to the framework's patterns.
3.  **Follow Best Practices**: See [Best Practices](references/best-practices.md). Only specify options that differ from defaults.
4.  **Validate**: Run `npx tsc --noEmit` after changes. On failure, consult [Common Errors](references/common-errors.md).

## Genkit CLI

Check if installed: `genkit --version`

**Key commands:**

```bash
# Start app with Developer UI (tracing, flow testing) at http://localhost:4000
genkit start -- npx tsx src/index.ts

> genkit start -o -- npx tsx src/index.ts   # also opens browser

Reviewer: +1 to using npx, if genkit CLI is not available locally.
